review typos + format (#1)
marigold-dev/training-nft-3: README.md

  };
```

Explanations:

> - `offers` is now a `map<address,bid>`, because you don't have to store `token_id` as key, now the key is the owner address. Each owner can sell a part of the unique collection

Author: Is it `map<address,bid>`?

Reviewer: map<address,offer>
I forgot this old refacto

- `offer` requires a quantity, each owner will sell a part of the unique collection

> - `totalSupply` in order to track the global quantity of minted collection. It avoids to recalculate all the time the quantity of each holder (this does not move so we can store this value at mint time)

Author: Please rework this sentence, I am not sure to fully understand it.

Reviewer: done. To know how much is minted, either to recalculate frol holder holdings, or you store this value once at mint time

> - Because the ledger is made of `big_map` of key `owners`, we cache the keys to be able to loop on it

Author: Should this technical detail be explained? Moreover, I don't see the related code...

Reviewer: on mint function: `totalSupply: quantity,`

> - we remove `token_ids` has we have an unique collection, token_id will be set to `0`

Author: ```suggestion
- Since we have a unique collection,we remove `token_ids`. `token_id` will be set to `0`
```

## Update in `MintPage.tsx`

> We introduce the quantity, and remove the `token_id` variable. Replace the full file by the following content:

Author: ```suggestion
We introduce the quantity and remove the `token_id` variable. Replace the full file by the following content:
```

## Update in `OffersPage.tsx`

> We introduce the quantity, and remove the `token_id` variable. Replace the full file by the following content:

Author: ```suggestion
We introduce the quantity and remove the `token_id` variable. Replace the full file by the following content:
```

## Update in `WineCataloguePage.tsx`

> We introduce the quantity, and remove the `token_id` variable. Replace the full file by the following content:

Author: ```suggestion
We introduce the quantity and remove the `token_id` variable. Replace the full file by the following content:
```
